Replace docker-compose with docker compose (#75)
lancachenet/lancachenet.github.io: _docs/index.md

* A modern Linux distribution supporting Docker, eg [Ubuntu](https://www.ubuntu.com) or [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

> * [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

Author: Just installed Ubuntu 25.04 in a VM for testing, and following Docker's instructions on their site includes the plugin with just `apt-get install docker-ce`

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cbf7404b-09f6-4c87-b31a-a217f6a1d78c)

The snap version included with Ubuntu also includes the plugin by default.

I've pored over the Docker docs and its incredibly confusing at best in trying to figure out whether or not the plugin is included by default.  To me it looks like it is included by default so having the extra reference to installing docker-compose should be redundant.

> * [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

Reviewer: +1 from me for changing it to just `docker compose`. The plugin is becoming more and more common in most installs, and the standalone `docker-compose` CLI less so. I'd rather instruct people to install the plugin than the CLI tool.

> * [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

Author: So whats the consensus here?  Restore the removed link and point it to the current plugin install instructions?

## More Detail

> When you edit the .env file most users are going to need to make the following changes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you edit the `.env` file most users are going to need to make the following changes:
```

* `LANCACHE_IP` should be set to the ip address that you wish your DNS to hand out for your cache container. In normal operation this would be the ip of the box running your cache.
* `DNS_BIND_IP` can be commented out in a simple setup or you can choose the ip address of your dns container (which could be the same as your lancache ip)
* `CACHE_ROOT` is where you want to store the cached data. For best practice we recommend a mount point on a separate volume from your OS.

> * `CACHE_DISK_SIZE` ensure this matches the size of the volume you have the cache root on. The cache will try to keep around 100g free space, but you may want to pick an appropriate size that leaves some space available for other data. The size should be in gigabytes (suffix `g`) or terabytes (suffix `t`). (For very large sizes you should understand what `CACHE_INDEX_SIZE` does)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `CACHE_DISK_SIZE` ensure this matches the size of the volume you have the cache root on. The cache will try to keep around `10g` free space (see `MIN_DISK_FREE`), but you may want to pick an appropriate size that leaves some space available for other data. The size should be in gigabytes (suffix `g`) or terabytes (suffix `t`). (For very large sizes you should understand what `CACHE_INDEX_SIZE` does)
```
